oh boy you find yourself in the
mysterious ruins of an ancient city
you're the only member of the expedition
who has managed to make it here
you're walking through a dark maze when
you accidentally
activate a trap whoa that's a strange
sound
suddenly a huge rock starts rolling
towards you down the hallway
you run as fast as you can jumping over
debris
a final dash head this room
looks like a treasury gold coins and
gems are scattered
everywhere you go wide-eyed with
astonishment
that's enough money to live the life of
luxury for decades on end
but it's not the shiny gold that
interests you it's an
old lamp that lies in the rubble as soon
as you pick it up
the lamp starts shaking and a huge genie
jumps out of it
you have one wish yeah just one because
it's a lazy genie
no problem you ask for so much money
that you'll never be able to spend it
all
the genie claps his hands and disappears
[Music]
ding this is a message to your phone
your bank account has been topped
by one zero zero zero zero boy that
number doesn't even fit on the screen
you go back to the surface and pull out
your phone
you're gonna check who's the richest man
on earth now
ah there you are at the top of the page
and again the number ends in three dots
well it's time to go home and start
spending your money
the first thing on the list is a plane
ticket an extra
legroom seat nah too cheap first class
the same how about your own plane
something like an arabian prince widow
you opt for a huge airbus 380 converted
into a private jet
there's a spiral staircase an elevator
four vip
rooms a concert hall a turkish bath and
a parking lot you press the pay button
and your planes waiting for you in the
landing strip
you check your bank account and the
number hasn't even changed
so the genie didn't cheat
[Music]
as you fly home you wonder about other
ways to spend your endless supply of
money
a car a house you need some more time to
mull it over
you land in your country and now you
need to get home
taking a bus or catching a cab is out of
the question
you walk up to a newly purchased bugatti
this car is one of a kind and cost 18.6
million bucks your small apartment
doesn't suit you anymore
you need something bigger a skyscraper
so the world's most expensive skyscraper
has been the abraj
albate in saudi arabia that cost 16
billion dollars to build but you invest
20 billion dollars to break the record
the construction has started
but you still need somewhere to live you
buy a penthouse at 172
madison avenue in new york city for 100
million dollars
you've already spent 17 billion but it
doesn't seem your bank account has
changed
you feel bored you decide to entertain
yourself
by buying the costliest things in the
world a watch with a bunch of the
world's rarest diamonds
55 million dollars got it
[Music]
one more car this time an old ferrari
worth 70 million dollars
it's yours a baseball card that costs
more than three million dollars
hey why not a 450 million dollar
painting
created by leonardo dicaprio oops i mean
leonardo da vinci
it goes into the basket too wow
this shopping is so exhausting time to
relax
which means a private island 610 million
dollars is the price of a huge
island in hawaii it's the size of a
large city
and now it's all yours
you aren't going to board your old plane
to get to the island
you're buying a new one it's a boeing
the model presidents use when they need
to fly somewhere
660 million dollars and now it's all
yours
sitting on a luxury plane with a large
team of flight attendants at your
service
you feel like the world's number one
person
and you already imagined sailing around
your new island
right how could you forget about a yacht
the world's most expensive one is plated
with gold
and reportedly has some t-rex bones in
the bedroom
it took three years and 10 tons of solid
gold to build
and you buy it for almost 5 billion
the island looks deserted there's
nothing here but golden beaches and lush
greenery
but aren't you the richest man in the
world you decide to build yourself a
palace
click and three billion dollars
buckingham palace appears on the island
and one more for your guest please
now you're actually traveling around the
beautiful island on your own yacht
but your face doesn't look happy the
entertainment for the rich is
rather boring you look up at the sky and
think about flying to the stars
and here you are standing on the launch
pad near the rocket that's about to take
you into space
you've paid 52 million dollars to do it
but the international space station
seems to be filled with nothing but
research labs
not too exciting that's why you build a
new
150 billion dollar space station with
lots of fun stuff
and even a spa you've already spent more
money than all the richest people on the
planet ever have
but your bank account still hasn't
changed whatsoever
your imagination is running amok ooh
mars you spend another 2 and a half
billion dollars
and become the first person to set foot
on mars
well red sands steep mountains craters
but there's nothing to do even for you
the man with an
unlimited amount of money so you slam
your rocket store closed
and go home all your skyscrapers are
already built
new york city with your house in the
middle looks very different now
you're lying in a giant bedroom with
marble floors
ancient chinese vases and a fountain
your money can buy anything but you're
lonely
so you have another skyscraper built
next to yours
this one is for your friends and one
more
for your family and of course your
beloved cat
also deserves a private penthouse you've
run out of free space
it's time to build your own city you
choose a place that used to be a
scorching desert
with nothing but sand for miles on end
but
you pay trillions of dollars and have a
city built from scratch
there's a chain of restaurants with your
name on them there are billboards with
your face in the streets
and a giant statue on the tallest
building in the city looks exactly like
you
the city is almost empty but you drive
through its streets
escorted by security guards in
extravagant cars
for dinner you buy the most high-priced
fish in the world
it's the bluefin tuna for three million
dollars
and then you decide it's time to make a
movie about yourself
the most expensive movie ever made cost
400 million dollars
you pay 1 billion and hire the world's
highest paid actors
but when the movie's ready the only
audience watching it
is you mostly because you're in your
private theater
when the credits are rolling you start
to throw popcorn at the screen
you didn't enjoy the show you walk down
a long
corridor with the most expensive
pictures in the world
next to them you see the rarest
archaeological finds and
is it another fountain no
you're not okay you spent trillions of
dollars
but you haven't gotten an ounce happier
you decide to go back to where it all
began
with the torch in your hand you return
to the ancient ruins
there it is the treasury you find the
genie's lamp where you left it
as soon as you pick it up the genie
appears in front of you
he laughs at you because you've fallen
into his trap
he gave you an infinite amount of money
so that these riches drove you crazy
but you pull out your phone and press
the donate all button
in that very second your money goes to
charity accounts
all over the world now scientists have
more opportunities to work on new
medicines
ecologists have found more funds to use
while saving our planet
and every person on earth has enough
food now
the genie gets angry because you've
tricked him he's about to strike you
with a lightning bolt
but you grab the lamp and confine the
genie to it forever
when you get home and turn on the tv you
see your face on every channel
you're called a hero the savior of
humanity
you get thousands of thank you letters
from people you've made happy
you smile and feel better too apparently
helping others is the best thing you can
do